- [This time last year]([[May 5th, 2021]])
- Daily Journal::
    - Dreamt about riding a school bus somewhere. [[Amy Tsai]] was in my dream as well but I forget what she was doing
- Today's Tasks::
    - {{query: {and: [[TODO]] {not: [[Overdue Tasks]]}{between: [[today]] [[today]]}}}} #query
- Today's Schedule::
    - 11:00 - Create Projects Page, write project write up, and draft Productivity article
    - 12:30 - Eat Lunch
    - 1:00 - Meditate/Exercise
    - 2:00 - Plan out Youtube Channel, Purpose, intentions
    - 3:00 - Read for an Hour
    - 4:00 - Free time
    - 5:00 - Free time
    - 5:30 - Prepare for Austin's Podcast
- Today's Notes::
- Thank Austin
- Why is blogging important?
    - A platform to broadcast your thoughts and perspective.
        - A Good insight about this come from Naval Ravikant. Founder of AngelList investor in Uber Popular on Twitter- Permisionless leverage
        - Past: To broadcast ideas, you needed to give lectures 
        - Now: Sitting at Table
    - Hopefully, Provide Value and Answers to peoples questions 
    - Who should make blogs?
        - Everyone. 
        - Little Cost to Start, No Marginal cost to distribute ideas
        - Gives you a Platform/Audience
        - Blogging compounds
    - What should people blog about?
        - Things that interest them. 
        - Don't write because you think its popular, get lots of views. Establish Trust
        - Create The Best Content Possible. Authenticity and Standards not mutually exclusive
    - What lessons can people learn from blogging?
        - How to Write Better => How to Think Better
        - The Power of the Internet => Forming Connections
- [Andyjgao.com](https://www.google.com/url?q=http://Andyjgao.com&sa=D&usd=2&usg=AOvVaw2LqNZeKEIYlwkdwBTSEtkr)
    - Why did you start your blog?
        - Learn in public, Publicize ideas, and Provide my own insight
        - Learn in Public
            - Higher Standard. Convey Ideas Clearly => More Research => Learning => Better Writing => Learn More
        - Publicize Ideas
            - How to Take Smart Notes by Sonke Ahrens => An Idea Kept Private is as good as one you never had.
        - Provide Insight 
            - Relatable Content, Help People
    - What do you post about?
        - Anything I am Interested in. Current Interests Tech, Productivity, Education
        - Never force myself to write, but generally try to write 1-2 a week
    - What is your favorite post?
        - The Compound Effect
            - Small choices + consistency + time = significant results
- What is the future of blogging?
    - How will blogging evolve?
        - Everyone will eventually have some sort of blog
        - Accessibility will be almost universal.  Medium => Social media Blog Hybrid
        - Knowledge work will become increasingly important. If you want to stand out, you will need to show you are a thinker, not a machine number cruncher
    - What technologies will impact the way people blog?
        - Medium => Social media Blog Hybrid. Makes Blogging super easy.
            - Problem: Not Decentralized, can be censored
    - Is vlogging blogging?
        - Vlogging => Blogging
        - Movies => Reading Book
        - Same: Convey Thoughts and Ideas
        - Different: Audiences, must cater accordingly
    - Audio or video?
        - Audio when walking, running, doing tasks. Video when sitting down
- :hiccup [hr]
- 
- Habit-Meditate::
- Habit-Workout::
