- [This time last year]([[May 13th, 2021]])
- Daily Journal::
    - "I love it when"
        - Wake up early
        - Take cold showers
- 
- Today's Tasks::
    - {{query: {and: [[TODO]] {not: [[Overdue Tasks]]}{between: [[today]] [[today]]}}}} #query
- Today's Schedule::
    - talked to [[Emily Su]] today
        - Planned Topics of discussion:
            - How's life (very general lol)
            - How's quarantine life to be more exact
            - What's it like WFH @ Palantir. Are they gonna be WFH for rest of the year?
            - What have you been up to? 
            - Calendarist is pretty cool
                - How did you guys come up with the idea?
                - How did you build it?
                - How long did it take?
                - Future plans?
            - Things I've been up to:
                - A Lot of reading and writing
                    - How to take smart notes
                    - The Design of Everyday Things
                    - Anti-Fragile
                    - Newsletter
                - Went down a rabbit hole in Roam Research
                - Building out my website
                - Taking notes
                - Trying to ship one thing everyday
                - Learn by doing
                - Getting Ready for College
- Today's Notes::
    - Online Contest competitions are now being recorded modularly where the people performing are all in different places. #thoughts
    - Installed Brave Today. Recommended by [[Amy Tsai]] Super cool, you get money from watching ads.
    - Create an article that talks about 3 things I use to boost my mood and alertness in a day: Cold Showers, Meditation and Intermittent Fasting #[[Article Ideas]]
    - Read an amazing article about Marcus Hutchins and his involvement in the WannaCry Crisis: #[[Monday Mail #3]]
        - https://www.wired.com/story/confessions-marcus-hutchins-hacker-who-saved-the-internet/
    - 
- :hiccup [hr]
- Habits:
    - Habit-Read:: Read for an Hour today
    - Habit-Meditate:: Meditated 10 minutes today. Master Module 9 Headspace
    - Habit-Workout:: Worked out Upper Body Today
