- In 5 Years [[May 10th, 2025]]:
    - I will be 27.
    - Things I will accomplish:
        - Generating 30,000/mo in passive income
        - Working for myself
            - Through several side-projects
            - One large project/company
        - Built an Audience
            - 30,000+ followers on Twiiter
            - 500,000 Subscribers on Youtube
            - 1 Million+ visitors on my Website
        - Get Married
            - This is variable and but hopefully it will happen by then.
    - Current Plan:
        1. Create Best Content Possible on [[A:andyjgao]] via blog posts and Youtube Channel
            1. Purpose of Content: Lifestyle, Tech, Education
            2. Build an Audience which will also be a distribution channel for all of my passions and interests. Make sure that your audience has the same interests as you. ^^Do not gain a following for the sake of a following. They must be genuinely interested in your work.^^
        2. Create Side-projects using your software engineering skills
            1. This can be chrome extensions, web applications, or any software application that provides value
            2. Give it out for free now and determine value later based on demand. 
            3. Build a targeted audience. The more narrow and niche the topic, the better. Attracting the right people matters much more than the number of people who read your work. Intelligent readers want depth, nuance, and specificity. Speak their language, and ignore the temptation to write for the lowest common denominator.
