- [This time last year]([May 9th, 2021](<May 9th, 2021.md>))
- **[Daily Journal](<Daily Journal.md>):**
- **[Today's Tasks](<Today's Tasks.md>):**
    - {{query: {and: [TODO](<TODO.md>) {not: [Overdue Tasks](<Overdue Tasks.md>)}{between: [today](<today.md>) [today](<today.md>)}}}} [query](<query.md>)
- **[Today's Schedule](<Today's Schedule.md>):**
- **[Today's Notes](<Today's Notes.md>):**
    - Taxing should be a combination of weights in wealth and in value created in a society where value creation is also dependent on wealth [thoughts](<thoughts.md>)
        - If you are like Bill Gates, who created Microsoft and Windows, used by billions of people, your wealth will be taxed (optionally) less compared to someone like a hedge fund manager, where the only value produced is more money for people not a valuable product
    - Designing Human Centered Philosophy/Education [thoughts](<thoughts.md>)
        - Education as it is right now is not designed in a way to how humans operate. 
            - Human's have many interests and passions. Creating a standardized curriculum hinders this. Instead, a better approach is designing education so that people can discover their passions and maximize their productivity that way.
                - If you discover suddenly you are interested in music, you should be able to switch and gain all of the accessible resources to excel in music
                - If now, all of a sudden, you become interested in computer science, you should now switch and gain the accessible resources to excel in CS
            - This example can be seen in governing philosophies as well.
                -  Communism fails because it goes against human intuition. Humans are naturally greedy and want whats best for them. Giving up what is earned by you and whats yours leads to a dissonance between human intuition and the governing philosophy.
                - Capitalism works because it's designed in a way that serves people's self interests, which aligns properly with how humans operate normally. Greed, desires are all things innate in humans, animals etc. Trying to dissolve it will only lead to dissonance.
                    - This is not to say that there should not be welfare, charity etc. These are also apart of the human condition (to help others). However, the first interest must be satisfied first before these second/third tier interests surface
    - foible: [[[interval](<[[interval.md>):1.2]] [[[factor](<[[factor.md>):2.15]] [May 12th, 2020](<May 12th, 2020.md>) [vocab](<vocab.md>)
        - weakness or eccentricity "foible of memory"  
    - Meeting w/ [Arman Hezarkhani](<Arman Hezarkhani.md>) on [May 11th, 2020](<May 11th, 2020.md>)
        - [Parthean](<Parthean.md>)
            - Making Learning Social
            - Very Cool Concept
            - The main value I got out of CMU is community, I think Parthean helps shift it online
        - Motivations
            - A tool for learning/ learning in public
                - "Learn in Public"
                    - "Higher Standard. Convey Ideas Clearly => More Research => Learning => Better Writing => Learn More"
            - Expressing my ideas
                - "Publicize Ideas"
                    - "How to Take Smart Notes by Sonke Ahrens => An Idea Kept Private is as good as one you never had."
                - "Provide Insight "
                    - "Relatable Content, Help People"
            - Compound thought/Content Marketing
                - Things you post are read when you're sleeping, when you're working on other things. 
            - Serendipity Engine
                - Writing Content online reverse the role of looking for opportunity. 
                - You become a beacon for like-minded individuals and they will offer you opportunity.
        - Where I am going with content
            - Building an Audience
            - Building a personal monopoly
            - List of [Anti-Goals](<Anti-Goals.md>):
                - Never be constrained by a location due to work
                - Never spend more than 1-hour doing bureaucratic work
                - Stop doing things I don't want to
                - Don't Buy things that are unnecessary 
            - Work for Myself
    - [Value Gap](<Value Gap.md>)
- #[Quick Capture](<Quick Capture.md>)
    - use Concepts for drawing diagrams [later](<later.md>) [Tools](<Tools.md>)
    - feedback mechanism startup [thoughts](<thoughts.md>)
- :hiccup [hr]
- **[Habits](<Habits.md>):**
    - **[Habit-Meditate](<Habit-Meditate.md>):**  
    - **[Habit-Workout](<Habit-Workout.md>):**  

# Backlinks
## [May 8th, 2020](<May 8th, 2020.md>)
- **[`ln -l sourceFile LinkFile`  [[[interval](<[[interval.md>)](<`ln -l sourceFile LinkFile`  [[[interval](<[[interval.md>).md>):**1.0]] [[[factor](<[[factor.md>)::2.30]] [May 9th, 2020](<May 9th, 2020.md>)

