- [This time last year]([May 13th, 2021](<May 13th, 2021.md>))
- **[Daily Journal](<Daily Journal.md>):**
    - "I love it when"
        - Wake up early
        - Take cold showers
- 
- **[Today's Tasks](<Today's Tasks.md>):**
    - {{query: {and: [TODO](<TODO.md>) {not: [Overdue Tasks](<Overdue Tasks.md>)}{between: [today](<today.md>) [today](<today.md>)}}}} [query](<query.md>)
- **[Today's Schedule](<Today's Schedule.md>):**
    - talked to [Emily Su](<Emily Su.md>) today
        - Planned Topics of discussion:
            - How's life (very general lol)
            - How's quarantine life to be more exact
            - What's it like WFH @ Palantir. Are they gonna be WFH for rest of the year?
            - What have you been up to? 
            - Calendarist is pretty cool
                - How did you guys come up with the idea?
                - How did you build it?
                - How long did it take?
                - Future plans?
            - Things I've been up to:
                - A Lot of reading and writing
                    - How to take smart notes
                    - The Design of Everyday Things
                    - Anti-Fragile
                    - Newsletter
                - Went down a rabbit hole in Roam Research
                - Building out my website
                - Taking notes
                - Trying to ship one thing everyday
                - Learn by doing
                - Getting Ready for College
- **[Today's Notes](<Today's Notes.md>):**
    - Online Contest competitions are now being recorded modularly where the people performing are all in different places. [thoughts](<thoughts.md>)
    - Installed Brave Today. Recommended by [Amy Tsai](<Amy Tsai.md>) Super cool, you get money from watching ads.
    - Create an article that talks about 3 things I use to boost my mood and alertness in a day: Cold Showers, Meditation and Intermittent Fasting #[Article Ideas](<Article Ideas.md>)
    - Read an amazing article about Marcus Hutchins and his involvement in the WannaCry Crisis: #[Monday Mail [3](<3.md>)](<Monday Mail [3](<3.md>).md>)
        - https://www.wired.com/story/confessions-marcus-hutchins-hacker-who-saved-the-internet/
    - 
- :hiccup [hr]
- Habits:
    - **[Habit-Read](<Habit-Read.md>):** Read for an Hour today
    - **[Habit-Meditate](<Habit-Meditate.md>):** Meditated 10 minutes today. Master Module 9 Headspace
    - **[Habit-Workout](<Habit-Workout.md>):** Worked out Upper Body Today

# Backlinks
## [May 10th, 2020](<May 10th, 2020.md>)
- [x] Planning on Catching up with [Emily Su](<Emily Su.md>) on [May 13th, 2020](<May 13th, 2020.md>)

## [Recurring Payments](<Recurring Payments.md>)
- **[[x] Spotify](<[x] Spotify.md>):** $2.68/mo every [May 13th, 2020](<May 13th, 2020.md>)

