- [This time last year]([May 1st, 2021](<May 1st, 2021.md>))
- **[Daily Journal](<Daily Journal.md>):**
- **[Today's Tasks](<Today's Tasks.md>):**
    - {{query: {and: [TODO](<TODO.md>) {not: [Overdue Tasks](<Overdue Tasks.md>)}{between: [today](<today.md>) [today](<today.md>)}}}} [query](<query.md>)
- **[Today's Schedule](<Today's Schedule.md>):**
- **[Today's Notes](<Today's Notes.md>):**
    - Gritty & Curious Podcast w/ [Austin Schlessinger](<Austin Schlessinger.md>) on [May 6th, 2020](<May 6th, 2020.md>)
        - ## Why is blogging important?
            - It gives you a platform and voice to share your perspectives and insights. One of the best insights I've heard recently is from Naval Ravikant, who is founder of Angellist and an investor in companies like Uber and Foursquare. He says that right now we are living in a time where the internet provides an individual with permissionless leverage. What does that mean? Essentially, you don't need to wait for a boss or money to start creating and succeeding. You see it in Blogs, YouTube, Twitter. 
            - In order to broadcast your ideas in the past, you would have to wait for a publisher to accept your article, make sure it aligns with their codes of conduct and it would cost a certain amount every time they printed it out.
            - Now, People can just start creating content and broadcast it to thousands of people without any marginal cost of reproducing through the internet.
            - That's why Blogging is so important
            - Who should make blogs?
                - Anyone who wants to convey their ideas and learn in public. It's practically free and the ability to broadcast your idea to thousands of people is just an opportunity that you shouldn't lose. 
            - What should people blog about?
                - Blog about what interests you or else you'll have a lot of trouble putting words on paper or screen. And even if you don't you will lose motivation easily and quickly.
            - What lessons can people learn from blogging?
                - How to Write in the 21st century. I don't if I am qualified to say this because I personally don't think I'm a great writer yet, but I have noticed that when I am writing, I am getting to the point far quicker than before and am writing in a way that does not have extra fluff, which I think is especially important now. I want to credit David Perell's tips on his twitter who has really influenced the way I write.
                - I wouldn't call this a lesson, but more so a benefit. It helps build connections and opens opportunities. 
                - We haven't kept in touch since middle school, but I think through your blog and your podcast and my blog we were able to connect and have an awesome conversation right now.
                - 
        - [Andyjgao.com](https://www.google.com/url?q=http://Andyjgao.com&sa=D&usd=2&usg=AOvVaw2LqNZeKEIYlwkdwBTSEtkr)
            - Why did you start your blog?
                - 1) To learn, To publicize my ideas, to provide insight and maybe inspire, 
                - To Learn: Richard Feynman who was an american physicist and more importantly known for teaching  and making super complex ideas easy to understand said that he learned the best while teaching. Why? To explain something to someone who has no idea what you are talking about, you need to know the concepts pretty well. And I feel that this concept applies to blogging too, whenever I create a post, I am actively trying to make sure everything I am explaining makes sense and helps me learn. 
                - To publicize my ideas: I recently read a book called How to Take Smart Notes by Sonke Ahrens. In it, he writes that an idea kept private is as good as one you never had. I never really thought about it that way but it makes a lot of sense. If i suddenly figured out the best way to make french press coffee but I never shared it, its almost like I never came up with the idea. 
                - To Provide Insight: Everyone is unique in the sense that each person lives a different life in some small way, but that doesn't mean there aren't similar struggles or problems that us humans as a whole face. So from this blog, I hope that the things I post provide a unique insight but is relatable and can be applied to their lives. 
            - What do you post about?
                - Honestly, anything I'm interested in. I never force my self to post anything. If I'm stuck on an article, I'll just leave it to the side until I am inspired or get an idea. Somethings I've written about include why meditation is helpful to what I've learned in college. But, also I try and make each article the best it can be just to push myself to improve my craft, as I post more and more. 
            - What is your favorite post?
                - Probably, my post on The Compound Effect which is basically a concept that doing something consistently compounds over time. 
        - What is the future of blogging?
            - How will blogging evolve?
                - I think the accessibility of creating a blog will make blogging almost universal. You already see it with Medium where blogging has already become sort of a social media hybrid. I think there has never been a better time for blogging, especially with the reach and impact someone can make by putting out your thoughts and ideas.
            - What technologies will impact the way people blog?
                - A recent trend I have been seeing is the creation of membership-exclusive blogs, similar to how NYT & Wall-Street Journal has a paywall. Essentially, these people create content that is valuable enough that people are willing to pay a monthly subscription to read their articles. Its essentially decentralizing media and making everyone their own entrepreneurs and publishing companies.
            - Is vlogging blogging?
                - I think this is analogous to the question is watching a movie, reading a book? I think in both forms of media, you are trying to convey an idea or thoughts, but  the audience will be very different, and thus you need to cater your content to that specific audience.  
            - Audio or video?
                - Audio when I'm walking and doing tasks, and Video when I am sitting down in front of my computer and don't want to read.
- [Today]([today](<today.md>))'s Habits
    - **[Habit-Read](<Habit-Read.md>):**
    - **[Habit-Meditate](<Habit-Meditate.md>):**
    - **[Habit-Workout](<Habit-Workout.md>):**
